# AWS Integration Pack

The StackStorm AWS integration pack supplies action integration for numerous AWS services.

## Configuration

You will need to add the region and your AWS credentials to the aws.yaml file:

```yaml
---
region: ""
aws_access_key_id: ""
aws_secret_access_key: ""
st2_user_data: ""
 ```

You can generate the access key and secret access key by following these directions:

http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/ManagingCredentials.html#Using_CreateAccessKey

If you would like to use the IAM role assigned to the instance stackstorm is running set the
key and secret to null and set the region.
```yaml
---
region: "us-east-1"
aws_access_key_id: null
aws_secret_access_key: null
st2_user_data: ""
 ```

* ``service_notifications_sensor.host`` - Listen host for the HTTP interface.
* ``service_notifications_sensor.port`` - Listen port for the HTTP interface.
* ``service_notifications_sensor.path`` - Path where the events need to be sent.

And `aws.example.file` is an example of this configuration. You can use actions and
sensors by copying this file to `aws.yaml` and editing the parameters in this file.

**Note** : When modifying the configuration in `/opt/stackstorm/configs/` please
           remember to tell StackStorm to load these new values by running
           `st2ctl reload --register-configs`

## st2_user_data

Optionally, you can set the user_data to set a default file to be used during new instance
creation.  Put your user_data file somewhere accessible by the StackStorm user, and use
the st2_user_data config option to set it.

```yaml
st2_user_data: "/full/path/to/file"
 ```

This file/script will be used for all invocations of the ec2_run_instances action

## Sensors

### ServiceNotificationsSensor

This sensor exposes a HTTP interface and listens for service event
notifications which are delivered via AWS SNS service using HTTP(s) endpoint.

Currently it supports event notifications generated by the S3 service -
http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/NotificationHowTo.html

Keep in mind that this sensor doesn't implement any kind of authentication.
This means that if the sensor is not behind a proxy which implements
authentication and is accessible to the outside world, you need to configure
``path`` setting to include a random secret which is only known to the
AWS SNS service.

#### aws.service_notification

This trigger is emitted for every service event notification.

Example trigger payload:

```json
{
    "source": "aws:s3",
    "region": "us-west-2",
    "name": "ObjectCreated:Put",
    "timestamp": 123456789,
    "response_elements": {
        "x-amz-id-2": "blahid//4U+rk=",
        "x-amz-request-id": "5FF5BB6EDE3631F8"
    },
    "request_parameters": {
        "sourceIPAddress": "127.0.0.1"
    },
    "payload": {
        "configurationId": "snsnotificationforput",
        "object": {
            "eTag": "5dfd7f29bce6d94dc5c73553f269659b",
            "key": "myfile.tar.gz",
            "size": 178428
        },
        "bucket": {
            "ownerIdentity": {
                "principalId": "BLAHBLAH"
            },
            "name": "testbucket33333",
            "arn": "arn:aws:s3:::testbucket33333"
        },
        "s3SchemaVersion": "1.0"
    }
}
```

``source``, ``region``, ``name`` and ``timestamp`` attributes are included with
all the events, but the format and values inside the ``payload`` attribute
different across different services and event types.

For a list of supported S3 event types see
http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/NotificationHowTo.html#supported-notification-event-types

### AWS SQS sensor

This is generic *SQS* Sensor using boto3 api to fetch messages from *SQS* queue.
After receiving a message it's content is passed as payload to a trigger 'aws.sqs_new_message'

This sensor can be configured either by using config.yaml within a pack or by creating
following values in datastore:

- aws.input_queues (list queues as comma separated string: first_queue,second_queue)
- aws.aws_access_key_id
- aws.aws_secret_access_key
- aws.region
- aws.max_number_of_messages (must be between 1 - 10)

For configuration in ``aws.yaml`` with config like this

```yaml
aws_access_key_id:
aws_access_key_id:
region:
sqs_sensor:
  input_queues:
    - first_queue
    - second_queue
sqs_other:
  max_number_of_messages: 1
```

If any value exist in datastore it will be taken instead of any value in config.yaml

#### aws.sqs\_new\_message

This trigger is emitted when a single message is received from a queue.

```json
{
  "queue": "first_sqs_queue",
  "body": "example message body"
}
```

# Actions

The list of available actions is available here:

  https://github.com/StackStorm-Exchange/stackstorm-aws/tree/master/actions
